---
title: "Merry Christmas"
date: 2018-12-25T20:32:11-06:00
draft: flase
---

### Merry Christmas!  
I hope everyone has had a great christmas. Mine was pretty good. I always enjoy seeing family and of course getting a few gifts. I guess this year I finally came to the realization that it is all about the kids. Not the big kids. Nah, it's the little ones! My kids are grown now and I am looking forward to the time when they have their own little ones. My wife has been feeling this way for a while now, but it hasn't bothered me much till today. Watching the little guys opening their gifts and the joy that they have over getting the crappiest of gifts is what made me happiest. We did'nt have much money to spend this year but we had just as much fun giving the cheap gifts we got for others, including our kids, as we ever did when we put ourselves in debt to get great gifts. Everyone seemed just as happy to get them as well. I have felt a sense of relief in knowing that expectations were low this year so that what we got was that much more apprecited. I doubt having plenty of money to spend would make me feel much better. Though I look forward to, God willing, having enough to buy my wife and kids, and grandkids..., some  nice things one day. To be honest we've never really had much to spend on each other, but we have always done what we can.  
This past few months though I have felt more content than ususal. I can point to several things not the least of which is the fact that I have had a huge answer to prayer. I have really wanted to start over somehow, and it seems God has answered that prayer in a very tangable way. I have been blocked and kept from doing quite a few things that I thougt were great and good things and I did not know why. I have had many a discussion with God about the reasons for this, but He never seemed to feel the need to answer my questions. Which has bugged me to no end! I don't know about you but I prefer to be consulted about things when it involves me. In all of this I have, at lesat to a certain degree, learned to trust God and believe that He has my best intrest in mind as He reveals how my life is going. I have to admit that I am still very nervous about how things are going to turn out, and I kind of keep waiting for the rug to be pulled out from under me. It seems to have happend more than once to me. But like the little girl in in "Miricale on 34th street" says "I believe, I believe, it's silly but I believe." I am continuing to trust God and believe that He has my best intrests at heart as He allows me to do this.  
I start school on the 7th of january, and I look forward to getting started again. As I do I must continue to remind myself to be thankful for this opportunity and to trust and believe, even though it makes no sense to me sometimes. 