---
title: "Weekly Post 3-24-19"
date: 2019-03-24T22:51:22-05:00
draft: false
---
## What to Blog about?

This blogging thing is a bit more difficult than I originally thought. I have plenty that I could write about, but the question is always what? Right now I have a lot going on. I am learning about sociology, embedded c programming, and all that is going on with my work and the related injury. So much stuff to write about. Which one should I blog about? To be honest I can’t decide. At some point I guess I must choose something. I guess I don’t have to blog at all but that is what this is for though. I am learning so many things right now I guess it is just hard to choose what to talk about. That and I don’t have much time to blog. Once a week is all I have right now and for the foreseeable future. Probably at some point I won’t have time to blog. Still when a person gets excited about something they want to tell others about it. I do get excited about my embedded programming but that is going very slow right now. At some point I think I will turn to that as my main fodder for this blog. 

Right now, in that vein, I am attempting to see if I can go to TCC for an associates degree that is electronic engineering technology. It seems right up my alley but I’m not sure if I can actually attend the classes and continue to work enough hours to keep up with our bills. I wish I could know what God knows. I have so many questions I would love to get answers to. I want to learn about PLCs and about microcontrollers. They have classes at TCC about that though it is not an actual EE degree. I think If I take these classes I might find out if I am able to go on and get an EE degree but to be honest I’m not sure I will want to spend that much more time. I’m not sure how long I should continue in school just to get a better job. I kind of need a good job as quick as I can. With that associates degree I will be in a good position doing something I think I will enjoy and it shouldn’t cost me much at all. Most of the TCC classes will be paid for with t he FAFSA money and little to no loan money. It is a lot to think about and that is why I’m praying about it. Like I said I just wish I could be sure, but I can only do what I think is best, and trust in God. 
